As mentioned before, my cooking style is varied and I enjoy trying new dishes as well as cooking classic recipes.
Here are just a few examples of the different menus I offer and what I can prepare depending on the type of catering you are looking for and I have many other dishes besides the ones shown here.

Luxury dining menu examples:

1) Starter: Classic Lyonnaise salad.
Frisee lettuce, lardons, warm poached egg, dijon vinaigrette.

Main course: Confit 5 spice roasted duck leg, hoisin glaze, celeriac puree, soy roasted butternut squash , mange tout.

Dessert: Dark chocolate mousse pots, honeycomb crumb, salted caramel sauce.

2) Starter: Tri coloured tomato with fresh baratta, walnut and rocket pesto , fresh basil leaves.

Main course: Lobster bisque risotto, crab and prawns, chive oil, parmesan crisp.

Dessert: Warm poached pear in white wine, cardamon, star anise syrup, cinnamon creme fraiche.

3) Starter: Cauliflower and toasted almond veloute, roquefort crumble .

Main course: Oven baked cod wrapped in pancetta on puy lentils and shallot, sauce vierge, glazed carrots, wilted spinach.

Dessert: Lemon posset pots, citrus coulis, butter shortbread.

4) Starter: Crayfish, brown shrimp, mango, mixed salad leaves, cognac Marie Rose sauce, toasts.

Main course: Slow cooked lamb shanks, port and redcurrant lamb jus, dauphinois potato, spiced red cabbage, haricot vert.

Dessert: Warm spiced fruit compote, pecan granola crumble, Madagascan vanilla creme Anglaise.

■ The above (and other) menus can be adapted and alternatives offered to accommodate vegetarian/vegan/ no carb diets■

Around Asia. (For luxury menu)

1) Indian feast: (delivered to the table as sharing plates for guests to serve themselves)
Starters: Courgette, parsnip and Cauliflower pakoras , onion bahjis, yoghurt mint , tamarind and coriander cream sauces.Onion, tomato and cucumber salad.
Poppadoms.

Main courses: Slow cooked butter chicken makhani, Keralan fish curry, tandoori confit lamb.
Saffron cardamon rice, lentil and carrot daal, spiced spinach , mushroom and potato, chana masalla .
Indian breads and chutney.

Dessert: Mango and cardamon kulfi, crushed toasted pistachio crumb, rose and orange blossom syrup.

2) A taste of Thailand.
Starter: Thai prawn cakes, sweet chili sauce.
Crispy spring rolls, dipping sauce

Main courses: Penang Chicken curry, minced pork with basil and tamarind soy sauce with chilies, yellow fish curry.
Thai pineapple rice, vegetable pad Thai , stir fried mixed vegetables

Dessert: Coconut Ice cream, grilled pineapple, toasted coconut , lychee syrup.

●Japanese, Chinese and flavours of Malaysia, Indonesia and Korean dishes are available ,also vegetarian/vegan alternatives ●

Here are some examples of the family and casual dining options that I can offer:
(As with the luxury menus, dishes can be adapted/alternatives offered for vegetarian/vegan/no carb diets)

Starters:
Tomato and mozzarella salad with pesto
Tuna and lemon pate with toasts
Seafood cocktail on iceberg lettuce with Marie Rose sauce and buttered brown bread.
Bruschetta.
Mini mezze : Hummus, baba ganoush (smoked aubergine dip),tzatziki, warm pitta bread.
Selection of tapas : Chorizo, patatas bravas (spiced sautéed potato), dolmades (stuffed vine leaves) , olives, cherry tomatos, dips, with warm bread.
Turkey sate skewers with peanut sauce
Onion bahjis , poppadoms and dips.
Vegetable spring rolls with prawn crackers and dipping sauces.
Nachos with sour cream, salsa, guacamole, jalapeños, melted cheese and coriander.
Warm cheesy fondue dip with crudités and bread sticks.
Soups: (served with croutons )
Cream of roasted tomato with creme fraiche
Corn chowder
Butternut squash and pumpkin
Thai coconut and lemongrass (vegetable , chicken or prawn)
Broccolli and blue cheese
Chunky winter vegetable
Creamed mushroom

Main courses:

1)Turkey or beef stroganoff with pilaf rice or tagliatelle and green vegetables.

2)Fish pie gratin : white fish and prawns in creamy parsley sauce topped with potato mash and grated cheese, served
with a selection of vegetables.

3) Beef bourgignon : Slow cooked beef with lardons and mushrooms in a rich red wine and herb sauce, buttered baby potatos, haricot vert, Savoy cabbage.

4)Roasted chicken, herb stuffing, sweet potato puree, cauliflower gratin, glazed carrots, broccoli, chicken gravy.

5)Pork and onion meatball marinara pasta bake in tomato and herb sauce with melted mozzarella. Selection of vegetables.

6)Lasagne with garlic bread and chopped mixed salad.

7)Build your own fajitas (chicken, beef or veg) with sautéed peppers, onions and mushrooms, refried beans, flour or corn tortillas, tomato and corn salsas, guacamole, sour cream, grated cheese, shredded iceberg.

8) Butter chicken curry, pilau (or plain basmati) rice, saag aloo (potato and spinach) lentil daal, Indian bread, chutney.

9) Thai red or green curry (chicken, beef or prawn) jasmine rice, stir fry mixed vegetable.

Desserts:
Cheesecake
Eton mess (whipped cream, crushed meringue , mixed berries, syrup) with grated white chocolate
Warm chocolate brownie with vanilla ice cream.
Banoffee pie with cream
Warm fruit crumble with creme anglaise or ice cream
Chocolate fondue with fresh fruit and marshmallows to dip.
Ice cream with toppings (fruit, nuts, syrup) .

If you want separate evening meal sittings for children and adults, some of the more child friendly alternatives I can offer are:
Pizza (Selection of toppings)
Fish goujons, chips, peas.
Mac and cheese
Breaded chicken strips, potato mash, sweetcorn, carrots, gravy.
Sausage and pasta bake in creamy tomato sauce with melted mozzarella and garlic bread
Turkey and ham in a creamy sauce with hash browns and vegetables.
Other options are available.

The examples I have shown will hopefully give you a good idea of the food I can offer and as already mentioned, there are other dishes available , including a cheeseboard either in place of or in addition to dessert ,depending on budget.
When you enquire about a booking I will send you a questionnaire to answer with allergies, dietary requirements and other information so that I can propose a menu based on your preferences but please note, it is not possible to book several different choices of dishes for each group so the finalised menu will be one that the whole group will eat, with the exception of any allergies or specific dietary needs as mentioned before and that includes a separate child's meal sitting which can be accommodated.

Bon appetite!