Whether you are visiting the Chamonix Valley as a couple, small group, family group or larger group of friends or families and whether you are staying in a small apartment or large chalet, if you are thinking of booking a private chef service for 2-20 people for weekly catering with breakfast and evening meal provided or perhaps you want to try some of the great restaurants in the area but would like to have certain meals cooked and served to you in your accomodation , you've come to the right place!
I take bookings for numbers between 2 and 20 people and whether you are a family with children who want simple but delicious food to be shared together, a family who would like a separate 2 course childrens meal served early evening followed by a more adult friendly 3 course meal a little later, a group of adults wanting casual dining put on the table for you to serve yourselves , or a more luxurious dining experience with canapes and 3 course meals plated individually, I can work with you and after discussing any allergies, specific dietary needs as well as any particular likes and dislikes I will propose menus for each day based on the information you have given me and there would be alternative dishes to choose from if you would like to swap something I have suggested.
I usually take 1 week bookings which would be : (Full service)
6 breakfasts and 6 evening meals over 7 days (one day will be a chef /host day off).
I can also take bookings for single nights, subject to availability or any number of nights up to 6 in a 7 day period.
If you want just breakfasts or just evening meals provided, I can offer this too.
My aim is to give you a personalised service and provide delicious meals that leave you happy and well fed.
Everything I cook is prepared with great care using the freshest products I can find and I make every effort to shop locally as well as responsibly and sustainably .

With numbers of 6 or more people for the more luxury dining I would bring a host to help with the service and delivery , pour wines and generally enhance the experience and for family or casual dining a host is required for groups of over 8 people but can be added to any booking.

I also have a network of friends and colleagues who can offer other services (subject to availability)including:

Mobile massage service. A highly trained therapist with over 18 years experience in the Chamonix valley who will come to your chalet/apartment and can offer a discount on bookings for more than 2 people. *Pre-booking strongly advised*

Housekeeping service: Reliable and efficient staff who can provide a daily or adhoc cleaning service. (Pre booking essential)

Babysitting service: Experienced and reliable people . (Pre booking essential)

There are other things that I am happy to help with and put you in touch with service providers for including : Kids or adult Birthday party ( Celebration cake, balloons, party food, )
DJ, musician, kids craft and face painting (weekends ) for a small additional cost depending on time spent.

If you are booking private catering for less than 6 nights I can recommend great local restaurants for those nights that I am not cooking for you. This also applies to the chef night off with 6 day catering bookings.

As all bookings are personalised to ensure my clients get the maximum enjoyment from the food and service , prices will vary and depend on : The number of guests, type of catering and whether both breakfast and evening meal are wanted, either of these, a single sitting or if there will be a separate early dinner sitting for children.
A host will be an additional cost above the daily chef fee and cost of food.
All of this can be discussed if you are interested in the service I'm offering.

Thank you for taking a look through my website and don't hesitate to contact me with any questions or enquiries.
I look forward to hearing from you.